Fix broken links - Part 5 (#644)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/manage-clusters/manage-cluster-templates.md

- In order to show in the form for creating new clusters, the cluster template's Helm chart must have the `catalog.cattle.io/type:cluster-template` annotation.
- In order to use a template as part of continuous delivery/GitOps, the cluster template needs to be deployed in the `fleet-local` namespace of the `local` cluster.
- All values must be set in the `values.yaml` of the template.

> - Fleet repositories must follow the guidelines on [this page.](https://fleet.rancher.io/gitrepo-content) For RKE2 cluster templates, that means a `fleet.yaml` file must be added to the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fleet repositories must follow these [guidelines](https://fleet.rancher.io/gitrepo-content). For RKE2 cluster templates, that means a `fleet.yaml` file must be added to the repository.
```

Another nitpick over link text
